documentation: Add SQL Request on index_data in known inssue (#657)
centreon/centreon-documentation: en/graph-views/known-issues.md

| When you create a gauge with a width &lt; 200 and height &lt;80 the result displayed may differ between the web & desktop clients.                                                                                         | Adjust the size of the gauge.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| Polygon resize may not work as expected                                                                                                                                                                                    | We advice you to recreate them if the rendering fails on the web client                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

> | You have reach the maximum of id into centreon_storage  index_data | Play the following request into MySQL / MariaDB :<br /> ```ALTER TABLE index_data MODIFY id bigint unsigned AUTO_INCREMENT;```<br /> ```ALTER TABLE metrics MODIFY index_id bigint unsigned;```<br /> Depending on your metrics volumes, this operation could be more or less longer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| You have reached the maximum of id into centreon_storage.index_data
| Play the following request into MySQL / MariaDB :
| `ALTER TABLE index_data MODIFY id bigint unsigned AUTO_INCREMENT;`
| `ALTER TABLE metrics MODIFY index_id bigint unsigned;`
| Depending on your metrics volumes, this operation could be more or less longer.
```

> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
